Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for	Feel a great affection or sympathy for.
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	The positive end of the battery and terminal 1 are not connected
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia pleads guilty to lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven dead in attack on police station in China
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.	Value measured by what must be given or made or suffered to obtain something.
A man plays the drum.	A man is playing the drums.
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C were still contained in circuits closed with the battery
a train in a station.	Train in a station.
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy threatens east coast of the United States
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed circuit containing the battery
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.	What's more, divisions are reproduced locally.
This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.	This provision could open the doors of arbitrariness.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit with which the European Constitution must be resolved.
The man is riding a horse.	A man is riding.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and a dog on a rocky coast.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are unemployed, tired and disappointed.
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank	Israeli forces detain five Palestinians in West Bank
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one.	This provision could open the doors of arbitrariness.
Beyond the geographical division, divisions recur locally.	What's more, divisions are reproduced locally.
A man drills wood.	The man bored the wood.
Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver wagon.
A woman with a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy threatens US east coast
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three important developments have been achieved.
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	More than 70 killed in clashes in support of Morsi in Egypt
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Does Minister Clarence Thomas break the silence in an article in The New York Times or the Onion? It is not clear.
Woolly sheep at auction house.	A sheep on a table at an auction.
a problem, something wrong	a problem.
Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing the electric piano.
A person is cutting a boiled egg into pieces.	A woman is cutting a hard-boiled egg.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.	A wet black dog with a red collar is on the river
Trains inside an indoor station.	Train in a station.
Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes	Top cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel attacks
react to a stimulus or command.	React, or respond to a call, order, or stimulus
A passenger train waiting in a station.	An Amtrak passenger train waits at a station.
Are all on separate paths	A and C are in different circuits
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	There is a closed circuit with A and B where there is no C.
A woman is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce & Gabbana receives a fine in a tax case in Italy
pass the tongue over.	Pass the tongue, lift with the tongue
The bird is sitting on the branch.	A red and brown bird is perched on a branch.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
reach a destination or goal	Arrive at a destination; Arrive by movement or progress.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair next to a large trash bin.
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button with the best time after the first practice
A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.	A woman boils eggs.
the bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed circuit containing the battery
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital	The man who blew himself up in the National Mall has died
Israel launches air strikes near Damascus	Israel launches air strike in the Gaza Strip
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A girl wearing a helmet with a bicycle in the background.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snowy forest.
A girl is riding a horse.	A man is riding.
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different circuits
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	The music industry cries Whitney Houston
A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A boy riding a white horse.
You can find where there is a gap.	The voltage measurement indicates whether there is a gap between two terminals.
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different circuits
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European ministers prepare to approve Greek bailout
A woman is riding an elephant.	A man is riding.
A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing the guitar.
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Election Offensive Grows
I don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how it went.	I know it bothers you socialists or progressives, but that's how things are.
A white cat standing on a carpet.	A pretty white striped cat with head hanging from the edge of the table.
A man riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
Turkmenistan borders Afghanistan.	Sistan and Baluchistan have borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on a branch.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And Obama does not receive any credit for the official budget.
Five killed by bomb blast in East India	Twelve killed in bomb attack on Pakistani train
WA man arrested in police drug raid	Man arrested for a double murder
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl wearing a red T-shirt takes a picture with a phone.
A man is driving a car.	A man is playing the guitar.
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different circuits
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE reduces growth forecasts for the period 2012-2013 to 6.3%
A man is talking on a phone.	A man is riding.
the act of concealing or disguising	The action of leaving something.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	A wet black dog with a red collar is on the river
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines	Earthquake of magnitude 4.1 shakes the United States
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes	Dozens killed in riot in Nigeria
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting	Seven dead in shooting at a Christian school
A woman is cracking an egg.	A person is stirring rice.
the act of making up your mind about something.	(The action of doing) a measure of something.
A man is opening a box using a knife.	A man is playing the guitar.
A man is kicking oots of water.	A woman is cutting a red pepper.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.	The root of a word
A woman is slicing some leaves.	A man is playing the drums.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.	A girl wearing a helmet with a bicycle in the background.
A man is dancing in rain.	A woman is peeling the shrimp.
Flood alerts in France as river levels rise	All eyes are on Raheel Sharif, the new head of the Pakistani army
Create a coating for something.	The action of leaving something.
A dog swimming in a pond	A boy dressed in red jumping into a sandbox.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.	Measure the time or duration of
they found the bomb before they found the woman.	Obama never uttered the word "threat" or "threaten."
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is stretching the dough.
a person who is a member of a partnership.	A person who is a member of the Senate Chamber
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	The action of referring or consulting.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	(The action of taking) a measure of something.
A dog is pulling a girl down a hill.	A cow is eating grass.
