What kind of socket is this?	What kind of cake is this?
How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do you get a child to eat?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa in the UK to fly to the Canary Islands?
Besides water quality, what should I consider before adding more tropical fish?	What signs indicate good water quality for tropical fish?
How can I stop my pie from burning?	How can I stop my colleagues from interrupting me?
What exactly is a CV?	What is a mezrag lessor?
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator?	How can I clean my pasta machine?
How to get rid of oversleeping?	How do I eliminate cellulite?
Where could the water leaching from the base of the drywall be coming from?	Where could the air in the hydraulic system be?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between an amplifier and a head?
How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?	How can I avoid falling asleep?
How do I remove paint from a porous table top?	How do I remove paint from a wooden floor?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	How do I prevent my dog ​​from constantly barking when I'm not at home?
How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad?	How to avoid paying higher taxes if I work as a freelancer in the UK?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?	What can I do to get in shape while I'm in the car?
How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish?	How do I repair moisture-damaged wood floors?
Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?	Should I apply for a UK transit visa if I have a visitor visa?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of breastfeeding a baby when you ask for it?
Is it normal for a 12-year-old to have Vibrato?	Is it normal for a kitten to have a large belly?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	Is there a difference between seasoning and flavoring?
What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a cooking class?
What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?	What is the cheapest way to travel from Poland to Lyon (France)?
How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?	How do I fill a gap between my fireplace and the wooden frame around?
What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?	Is 'false' a false friend from English to Spanish?
How can I put my resume online when I already have a job?	How can I apply for 2 more jobs when I already have a part-time job?
What more can I do to improve my credit score?	What can I do to be realistic in order to increase my creditworthiness?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does the wife of a British citizen with permanent residence in the UK need a Schengen visa to travel to France?
What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does "a" mean in the general welfare clause?
Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best method to clean a grater?
Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?	In what countries is it possible to enter a doctoral program in the life sciences, after a degree?
What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to season meals prepared in cast iron skillet?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?
In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?	How can I write the inner monologue of a character?
How do I get a coworker to stop chit chatting?	How do I get a recruiter to stop molesting me?
What is the meaning of the butterfly?	What does the cat mean?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Do I need a visa to enter the United States as a United Kingdom citizen in transit?
Is it possible to patent recipes?	Is it possible to raise crickets?
How can I test a rabbit's vision?	How can I distinguish a rabbit from a cat?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?	How do I remove paint from a wooden floor?
How can I repair my floors' finish?	How do I fix the chips on the wooden windows?
Do you have a title?	Do you have a car?
How do I wire a combo with two supplies?	How do I connect the wiring of the air extractor of a bath and the lighting in two switches?
What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them?	What kind of cobweb is this, and how can I get rid of it?
What kind of form is it?	What kind of isolation is it?
How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?	How do I fix a heuco between the tub and the wall?
How to strengthen calf muscles?	How do I strengthen my wrists?
Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of different types of smart switches in the UK market?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit visa to fly from Germany to India with a stopover in London?
What exactly is a CV?	What is a resume?
What is the proper term for the "year 0"?	What is the term for the snack that is taken at the end of the meal?
What is the meaning of the apearance of dogs in the good the bad the ugly?	What is the meaning of the scene with the policeman near the end of "The Artist"?
Can I say "No" politely for a task I'm not interested in doing?	How do you say "I need company stock or I'm looking for a new job"?
Do I need a visa to transit India?	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?	How do I paint a work of art on a wall?
How can I fix a very slow drain?	How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain?
How can I tell the difference between play and aggression at the dog park?	How can I distinguish a rabbit from a cat?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?	How can I get a really stuck screw?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for London?
rmkilc, what you want to do in principle is FINE.	You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.
You could try something like chicken thighs.	I could try something like a Philips SpotOn.
I can tell you where it comes from, but not why it's the way it is.	This should be useful, not exactly accurate, but you can probably find out from here.
It's not too unusual.	It's not your money.
I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.	You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.
If you can not find the problem, you really need to call in an electrician.	Sometimes if you really want you could have to pay an agency to get the site.
So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	In the first case, I do not think you need it
Volcanic water is not a problem.	It is something common in a water heater.
I had the same issue.	I had the same problem as you.
This recipe just has a lot of liquid in you can see her dressing is very fluid.	As you can see in this simple example, there is a lot of information.
Maybe it doesn't.	The truth is that it does not matter.
I never worry about this.	I never use it.
They really don't need to know.	You do not have to know everything.
If you don't mind the extra weight, I would say definitely go for it.	In the first case, I do not think you need it
I think, the answer is yet: We don't know.	I will think the answer that we do not know.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You must find out what works for you.
I don't think there's any reason other than historical chance.	I do not think there is any appreciable difference.
I don't think that there's any.	I do not think there is any other reason than the historical opportunity.
There is no maximum.	There is no right answer.
just take a look at the tail..!	Look these:
I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!	The rule - in case of doubt, discard it!
In the first case, I think you don't need it.	If this is the case, you really do not have to worry so much about the steak.
It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how you express it.
You should do it.	I think you should do both.
You don't have to know.	If you do not know, hire an electrician.
I don't think you should.	I think so.
I think there isn't a general answer.	I do not think there is a single definition.
I think you should do both.	This is what I think you should do.
There is nothing new in what you describe.	There is nothing wrong with formal dress.
I had the same problem.	I had the same problem as you.
Maybe everyone knew about this, and she was the only one who didn’t.	As far as I remember, that did not happen in the book.
This would be a bad idea.	This is not a good idea.
Although it's possible to do what you're asking I wouldn't recommend it.	I will not try to describe it, but here's what I'll do about it:
There are a few things you need to consider:	There are several things you can do:
So actually it didn't matter.	The truth is that it does not matter.
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	I think what you are looking for is a ticket that will take you on a trip back to the world
The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.	The longer you will, the faster you will be.
I don't think you can validate the ticket on the train itself.	So I do not think you have to put it on the cover.
You will have absolutely no issues.	Always say that you have something to declare.
You may have to experiment and find what you like.	You have to read a lot to know what you like and what not.
It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends on how you express it.
This is not a good idea.	It is something common in a water heater.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	My advice is not to say anything and do the best you can.
You are on the right path.	You're right about the definition type.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	There are always things to do, even if you think not.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	I think what you can do in the first place is to properly plan your practices.
Sure you can have one, no one is going to arrest you for putting it in.	If you do not have one, nothing happens, no one would expect that you would have written a lot.
It depends on the fine print.	It depends to a great extent on the scholarship in question.
The answer to your question is not really.	Unfortunately the answer to your question is that, we simply do not know.
You are on the right path.	You hit the key.
It depends on what they are.	It depends on your objective
It sounds like you don't know what you are doing with regards to electricity.	You have to read a lot to know what you like and what not.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You may want to, but you must work by adjusting to the process you have been given.
But it is not a good idea.	), but is not.
I don't think that there's any.	I do not see anything wrong.
I don't think that there's any.	I do not think there's any truth to what you're saying.
You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do.	You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.
It depends on what they are.	The answer depends on where you are.
If you like the work, the people and how much your bringing home then stick with it.	If it is being interposed between you and your work you should then tell your boss.
I think you don't have many rights in this case.	In the first case, I do not think you need it
In a word, we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process.	Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively.
The vector space model has the following limitations: 1.	The vector space model is one of these methods, and it is an algebraic model.
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it.	Most of these languages ​​provide an "extended" keyboard, which is used to subdivide another.
P(A) is the prior probability A.	P (B | A) is the conditional probability of B given A.
As a formal theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability.	Bayes' theorem is a theorem on probability theory originally formulated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes.
Bayes' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests.	As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem holds true in all universal interpretations of probability.
P(A) is the probability of the student being a girl (which is 2/5).	* P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B.
In vector space model, the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors.	In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector.
Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.	Assemblies of hypotheses and facts of the Bayes theorem.
Lucky Joe likes to predict the colour of the ball he selects and he is 80% accurate.	Joe records all his results and about 0.5% of the time accidentally records erroneous results.
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document.	If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero.
As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.	Bayes' theorem takes the name of Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory.
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “bags of words”.	A vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as identifier vectors.
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers.	Object-oriented programming is a type of programming that supports encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism.
If the term doesn’t occur within the document, the value in the vector is zero.	The further down you are in the line of succession, the more specific the classes become.
P(B|A) is the conditional probability of B given A.	P (B) is the a priori or marginal probability of B, and serves to normalize the probability.
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively.	Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3.
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term.	A document can be represented as a vector.
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.	They do not have to be written in the language of computers.
If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.	The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document.
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.	If a term appears in the document, the vector value will be non-null.
As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.	Being a formal theorem, Bayes' theorem is true for all common interpretations of probability.
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it.	Of the pages provided by the links.
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting.	One of the best known schemas is tf-idf (see example below).
Then, using this, the best overall path can be found, thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle.	Dynamic programming is usually used in optimization problems, where it is necessary to find the most efficient solution.
P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.	P (A) is the probability that the student is a girl (which is 2/5).
P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.	• P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B.
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification.	The concept of inheritance is to reuse existing code, with little or no modification.
If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.	Frequency of the term: this formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document.
Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System.	It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System.
The further down an inheritance tree you get, the more specific the classes become.	Then, using this, you can find the best way, which demonstrates the principle of dynamic programming.
The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system.	Its first use was in the SMART Information Recovery System.
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.	Dynamic programming reduces computation time by solving subproblems upward.
The "program" is the optimal plan for action that is produced.	Therefore, the "program" is the optimal action plan that is taking place.
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming.	Inheritance is a basic concept in object-oriented programming.
The second method is the use of links.	Of the pages provided by the links.
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector.	Finally, the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation.
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms.	A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to an independent term.
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations.	It is used to calculate later probabilities given given observations.
A normal term is usually a single word, keywords or longer phrases.	Typically, a term is a single word, a keyword, or a longer phrase.
This is highly used in dynamic programming.	The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions.
This is highly used in dynamic programming.	Dynamic programming is usually used in optimization problems, where it is necessary to find the most efficient solution.
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined.	Instead, a new element is created that will inherit the characteristics of those that already exist.
In probability theory, the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes' theorem.	Bayes' theorem is a theorem on probability theory originally formulated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes.
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions.	However, the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions.
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text.	If ignored, extract all unique words from the total set of documents.
Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.	In probability theory, the probabilities above and conditional of any two events are related to the Bayes' theorem.
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.	In computer science; Dynamic programming is a way of solving problems that consists of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure.
Ignoring case, extract all unique words from the entire set of documents.	The number of unique words in the vocabulary defines dimensionality, if words are used to refer to the term.
The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs.	Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules that anyone can follow to solve a problem.
LIMITATION: There is some limitation of vector space model.	The vector space model has numerous disadvantages.
It doesn't take into account any information about B, so it is "prior".	Since it seeks all possibilities, it is also very accurate.
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.	It is similar to divide and conquer, but differs in that its subproblems are not independent.
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.	A term presented in the document has a value in the nonzero vector.
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting, proposed by Salton, Wong and Yang.	One of the best known methods is called tf-idf measurement.
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers, who get bored and then switch to other pages.	The method can be abused if people deliberately link to websites in order to increase the PageRank of a website.
The way that a 'term' is defined depends on the application.	Depending on the application, the term definition varies.
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation.	If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero.
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods.	This method is much more efficient by recalculating and therefore reduces computation considerably.
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations.	It is often used to calculate future probabilities based on present observations.
The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.	The thinkers and activists to whom Mr. Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafist counterparts - proponents of Sunni Islam purist associated with Saudi Arabia - who today have a small but influential presence among Muslims in Europe.
Cuba has a fledging blogging community, led by the popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are followed and harassed by government agents.	Cuba has an incipient blog community, led by popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are persecuted and harassed by government agents.
ODS stands down at the request of the Prime Minister	The ODS withdraws at the request of the Prime Minister
So now all three commissioners are attacking us and saying that we're getting the best out of it, while the offer we put forward was just what they themselves wanted.	So now the three commissioners are attacking us and saying that they will give us the best of it, while the offer they presented was just what they wanted.
Individuals openly wept, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the frigid air.	Some wept openly, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the cold air.
Patients' lives can be greatly prolonged by a mixture of drugs which prevent the HIV virus from multiplying in the body.	Patients' lives can be prolonged markedly by a mixture of drugs that prevents the HIV virus from multiplying in the body.
We have the last few vacancies for New Year's Eve and Christmas.	We have the last places for New Year and Christmas.
Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war, and instead of U.S. companies, you have Asians and Europeans leading the way, said Ruba Husari, the editor of Iraq Oil Forum, an online news outlet.	Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war and, instead of American companies, you have Asians and Europeans in the lead, said Ruba Husari, editor of the Iraq Oil Forum, an online news outlet.
The specific charges have not been made public, though under Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor can be arrested for nearly anything under the claim of "dangerousness."	The specific charges have not been made public, although according to Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor may be arrested for almost anything accusing them of "danger".
This year's cost of regional railways: 200 million more	This year, the cost of regional railways has been 200 million more
The all important announcements will come after the election, whoever wins it, added Roger Bootle, economic adviser to accountants Deloitte.	All key press releases will come after the election, whoever wins, adds Roger Bootle, Deloitte's financial adviser.
Jančura claims that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led to his being threatened by a member of the ČSSD.	Jančura says that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led him to receive threats from a member of the ČSSD.
For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.	For him and the other Marines who made the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, North Carolina, to the Arlington National Cemetery to decorate tombs, the day was dedicated to paying tribute to the men and women who once stood on his skin.
Then there'll be a sudden shortage of vacancies," estimates Jandura.	Then it would be a sudden shortage of vacancies, "Jandura estimates.
Admiral Nelson’s encounter as a plucky 14-year-old midshipman fighting only with the butt of his musket is surely a myth, but others are true.	Admiral Nelson's encounter as daring 14 year old midshipman fighting only with the white of his aromatic is undoubtedly a myth, but others are true.
The HIV protease is the protein of the HIV virus, which is essential to the life-cycle of the virus.	HIV protease is the protein that is essential for the life cycle of the virus.
This year, regional trains are costing 200 million more.	This year, regional trains cost 200 million more.
Treasury minister Stephen Timms denied the tax rises and spending cuts outlined were a "drop in the ocean" compared to what was needed.	Treasury Secretary Stephen Timms denies the tax hikes and cost cuts outlined were "a drop in the ocean" compared to what was needed.
The budget has also been criticised by Klaus.	The budget has also been criticized by Klaus.
For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.	For him, and the other Marines who took the Camp Johnson trip in Jacksonville, N.C. Arlington National Cemetery to decorate tombs, the day tried to pay homage to the men and women who once stood in their shoes.
Brighton is such a fantastically creative and vibrant place and we are trying to try and represent that through spirituality."	Brighton is a very exciting and fantastically creative place and we are trying to prove and represent it through spirituality. "
The only threat was that if we don't stop this, we could lose our bus licence.	The only threat was that if we did not stop this, we might lose our bus service license.
In the Czech Republic, the joint stock company Čeps is the exclusive operator of transmission systems and 400 kV and 220 kV power lines.	In the Czech Republic, joint-stock companies Čeps is the exclusive operator of the electric power transmission system (220/400 kV power lines)
He managed to squeeze a promise out of Europe for another 5 thousand, even though he himself was originally counting on 10.	He got Europe to promise him another five thousand, although at first he had counted on ten.
Ironically it is in the waters towards the north of those two hunting nations that the ice will last longest.	Ironically it is in the northern waters of the two hunting nations that the ice will last longer.
Parents paid 1600 crowns or more per vaccination.	The parents paid 1600 crowns or more for the vaccination.
He claims the deficit is too high, which is worsening the public funding crisis.	He says that the deficit is too high, which worsens the public financing crisis.
In theory, the three main political parties buy into this vision.	In theory, the three main political parties unconditionally support this view.
The situation at the plant deteriorated sharply last Wednesday when some 400 workers held a spontaneous strike to protest against the incessant overtime.	The situation in the plant worsened abruptly last Wednesday when about 400 workers spontaneously held a strike to protest against the incessant overtime.
VMware is now working with European and American operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the sets should reach customers sometime during 2012.	VMware is now working with European and US operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the series should reach customers sometime in 2012.
According to Jančura this is illegal and in contravention of the principles of the European Court of Justice.	According to Jančura this is illegal and goes against the principles of the European Court of Justice.
A team of Czech and German scientists has been testing a new compound which can slow the spread of the HIV virus in the body.	A team of German and Czech scientists have been testing a new compound that can slow the spread of HIV in the body.
He is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison.	He is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison.
On a day when little happened in the U.N.-sponsored climate talks, thousands of activists walked across the city holding banners in English saying "There is No Planet B" and one in Spanish declaring, "The Earth is Saying, 'Enough.'	On a day when little happened in the UN-sponsored climate talks, thousands of activists toured the city carrying banners in English that said "There is not a planet B" and one in Spanish that said, "Earth says , 'Enough'. "
Barack Obama becomes the fourth American president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize	Barack Obama becomes the fourth US president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize
The House gave extra money for the salaries of state employees, for social services, and for direct payments to farmers.	The Chamber gave extra money for the salaries of public employees for social services, and for direct payments to farmers.
Major U.S. firms such as Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, walked away empty-handed.	Large corporations such as Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, slipped empty-handed.
The Tories said Alistair Darling "blew" an opportunity to show he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election.	The Tories told Alistair Darling that he "spoiled" an opportunity to show that he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election.
The United States is not going to do a deal without the major developing countries stepping up and taking action, said Stern, who also complained that the text did not do enough to make sure the cuts could be verified by outside observers.	The United States is not going to make an agreement without major developing countries to step up and take action, Stern said, also complaining that the text has not done enough to ensure the cuts could be verified by outside observers.
Even though not one test launch has been completely error-free, the defence ministry consider only six out of the thirteen tests to have been failures.	Although neither a failed launching test nor a full test has been completed, the Russian Ministry of Defense considers only six of thirteen tests performed.
Roger Bootle, Deloitte	Roger Bootle, financial advisor to the Deloitte audit
The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.	Bowen interviews those thinkers and activists who often disagree with their Salafist counterparts, defenders of Sunni Islam purist associated with Saudi Arabia, who nowadays have a small but influential presence among the Muslims of Europe.
This year, volunteers placed more than 16,000 wreaths on the graves at Arlington Cemetery, areas at the Pentagon, graves at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Battery Park in New York City and on the memorial site for United Airlines Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pa.	This year, volunteers located more than 16,000 crowns of flowers in the tomb at Arlington Cemetery, scopes at the Pentagon, Tombs at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Stacks Park in New York City and at the United Airlines Memorial Flight 93 to Shanksville, Pa.
Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, though they are new and coveted commodities in a country where the average wage of a government worker is $15 a month.	Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, although they are new and coveted goods in a country where the average salary of a working government is $ 15 a month.
I don't mean to imply that garbage isn't sorted in Brno.	I do not want to imply that garbage is not classified in Brno.
In recent years, population officials have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy.	In recent years, Population managers have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy.
Filipino gunmen still holding more than 50 people, Children have been released	Filipino gunmen still retain more than 50 people; The children have been released
The company works on projects for clients such as the U.S. Agency for International Development and the World Bank.	The company works on client projects such as the United States Agency for International Development and the World Bank.
In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch an aggressive campaign to encourage more births.	In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch a vigorous campaign to encourage more births.
Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only American companies that reached deals with the ministry.	Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only US companies to reach agreements with the ministry.
According to one bystander, who asked not to be identified because he is involved in the climate talks, activists sporting masks and black outfits set off several explosives near Copenhagen's main canal, which is nearby several ministries.	According to one of the spectators, he asked not to be identified because he participates in the climate talks, activists sports masks and black teams unleashed several explosives near Copenhagen, which is the main channel close several ministries.
My only aim was to play this role as realistically as possible, said Freeman.	My only goal was to play this role as realistically as possible, Freeman said.
Nobody should ever forget why we're free. . .my son paid for that, she said.	No one should ever forget why we are free ... my son paid for it, he said.
Rhee said the District needs to continue to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students.	Rhee said the District needs to continue to dress to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students.
While three years ago he himself criticised Bush's idea to send fresh troops to help in the beleaguered civil war in Iraq as "an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences".	While three years ago he himself criticized Bush's idea of ​​sending new troops to aid in the besieged civil war in Iraq as "an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences."
Recycling containers don't smell so good in Brno	Recycling bins in Brno do not smell very good
Last year, people 60 and older accounted for almost 22 percent of Shanghai's registered residents, while the birthrate was less than one child per couple.	Last year, people 60 and older accounted for nearly 22 percent of residents registered in Shanghai, while the birth rate was less than one child per couple.
The eLiška price will now depend on the distance travelled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel between any regional cities.	The price of eLiška tickets now depends on the distance traveled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel through all the cities in the region.
The generals are optimistic about this almost fifty-percent success rate and keep insisting that the "Bulava" will eventually fly smoothly and will even carry up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighing a total of 1.15 tons.	Generals are optimistic about this nearly fifty percent success rate and keep insisting that "the Bulava" will end up flying smoothly and that even carrying up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighs a total of 1.15 tons.
Political institutions, no matter how formally they might be set up, will be nothing more than a Potemkin village in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild.	Political institutions, no matter how formally they might be established, will be nothing more than a void in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild.
Queen, leaders to bid farewell to Thatcher	Margaret Thatcher's Funeral
Ceasefire in Gaza underway	Gaza ceasefire ends
Brexit will lead to clamour for Scottish independence, says Sturgeon	Glasgow votes 'yes' to Scotland's independence
Hong Kong protests escalate	Protests in Hong Kong become festive after the tear gas chaos
Golden Dawn leader remanded in custody	The leader of Golden Dawn, in remand pending trial
Iran, IAEA resume nuclear talks in Tehran	Iran and IAEA resume nuclear talks
China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President	China's generous offer to 1MDB reaps great benefits for Malaysia
5 things to know for your New Day -- Wednesday, July 15	5 things you should know for your New Day - Friday, August 28
Two Indians among 39 killed in Kenya mall attack	59 dead in attack on mall, says minister of Kenya
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea	South Korean soldier kills comrades and flees
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack	A NATO soldier died in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan
Camerwoman fired for tripping up fleeing migrants	Cameron calls for more action on the crisis of immigrants after the chaos in Calais
South Korea sunken ferry death toll 'reaches 50'	Divers recover bodies from the sunken ferry; The number of victims exceeds 50
Obama to close historic Kenya visit with national address	Obama to conclude his historic visit to Kenya by addressing the nation
occupied Palestinian territory: IOF Arrest Two Minors on Gaza Border and Abuse One of Them	Occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli forces kill one Palestinian covi and injure another south of Nablus
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing	More than 60 dead at an Iraqi funeral
Actor Bob Hoskins Dead at 71	British actor Bob Hoskins dies at age 71
US presses Iraq on reports of arms deal with Iran	US pressures Iraq over reports of arms deals with Iran
Mexico's Sinaloa drug chief arrested	The head of the Sinaloa Cartel captured in Mexico
Obama: Ebola outbreak also a security threat	Obama: Ebola threat to "Regional and Global Security"
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case	Menéndez faces corruption charges
Prince George christened by archbishop in London	The baptism of Prince George of Cambridge is under way
Iraqi forces retake 2 military bases in Anbar	Iraqi forces end the military siege of Shia city
Metro police to get fresh training in crowd handling at police academy	Baltimore police enforce third night with curfew
Ashley Madison users facing extortion threats	Ashley Madison Cheats Uncovered
Fed expected to maintain stimulus	Global stocks raise hopes at Fed to keep stimulus
Chinese shares close lower Thursday	The Chinese stock market will open with higher values ​​on Monday
Court clears Dana's brother of all counts of historic sex abuse	Dana's brother, John Brown, acquitted on two counts of sexual abuse
Over 100 Dead as Typhoon Slams Central Philippines	Thousands killed after typhoon devastating Philippines
Minimum alcohol pricing would save 860 lives a year, study finds	Experts say that minimum alcohol prices "will save 860 lives a year"
Historic nuclear deal reached; Iran no longer under sanction	Iran is optimistic about the possibility of reaching a nuclear deal, the US much less
Egypt's Mubarak to be freed from jail, lawyer says	Hosni Mubarak will be released within a few days, according to his lawyer
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday	The Singapore stock market opens on Thursday with a rise of 0.19%
Global pressure on US to loosen oil exports ban	Iran ready to resume oil exports to Egypt
Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll	The Maldives begins to vote in the controversial presidential elections
Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron	Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians during night-time arrest raids.
UN vote on Aust MH17 resolution	The UN will vote on resolution MH17
Afghanistan begins run-off votes for Presidential election	Polls open on the last round of the presidential election in Afghanistan
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	The clubs of the Premier League were to avoid the problems of the Champions League
Obama begins Africa tour in Senegal	Obama begins his trip to Africa in Senegal
Bali arrest over attempted schoolie rape	Somali citizen arrested after attempted rape
Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax	The Treasury proposes a 1.5% increase in income tax in the budget
Two planes nearly collide at central Vietnam airport	Aircraft at the edge of the accident at the Vietnam airport
3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings	Five dead in a shootout in Saudi Arabia
Strong 6.0-magnitude quake hits northern California	A magnitude-4 earthquake shakes southwest China
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time	Malaysian ballots for stability or change
Prince William begins Japan tour	Prince William appeals to FIFA
Hundreds of Ukranian troops retreat across border to Russia	Hundreds of Iranian troops target Syria
Gunmen Attack Shi'ite Mosque In Kabul	3 wounded during attack by gunmen in Kabul
Mitch McConnell tied in new poll. Does he miss Ashley Judd yet?	Why Mitch McConnell is not as doomed as this survey would make you believe
Rebel weaponry cut back in eastern Ukraine	The withdrawal of heavy weaponry, in neutral in Eastern Ukraine
Cannes' second jewellery heist in months	The Cannes thief stole jewelry from the hotel's Leviev exhibition
Egypt regime hails passage of new constituion	Egyptians say 'yes' to new constitution
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean	More than 2000 immigrants rescued from wooden boats in the Mediterranean
